This is a head-gum original.
He is just a great and great
We started met him at the scene. That's not bad. Well actually, I think that's mad
Wait, that is America. Can't hear Michael's in.
Rica, can you not hear the sound effects? I
Don't know. You don't know. Okay, what about this? It was
Yeah, kind of sounds like I'm hearing it from someone's headphones playing it early allowed
That's all right. I think that's gonna have to be all right because I don't want to keep
setting shut up. There's too much tech in the studio. Do you have your playing the audio off of your
laptop? Yeah, and you guys are hearing it crystal. It's coming through in stereo for you. Yeah, what
is that America to America? What'd you say? It's not getting to America. I know. Is your laptop
are you on this Zoom call with Marieka on the laptop or just the studio? I know what to do. Audio settings
Output volume all the way down. No, it's gone. Okay. Marieka? Yes. There we go. And then you can hear this.
Just double checking. I sure can. It's a shame we didn't get that on video.
We're a splaps I've ever seen. Out of rhythm, out of touch, 40 years old, you don't
bring the heat anymore like you used to, man. Aren't you 40 and a half now? No, that was the
tweet. Yeah, July 18th, I'll be for you. It was only a tweet. It was only a tweet.
I'm still fucking bringing it. Are you kidding me? I'm so fucked up. It's like Marieka's a control of
all of a sudden something, man. Bond of the week, let's fucking get the shit over with.
I'm going to go with fucking Taylor Edward Johnson or whatever. Yeah. Yeah, I don't know who
that is. Yeah. Who? Shams Charania. Okay. Maddie Mathison. Okay. Marieka, who is it? Come on.
Also, the bear really did a little falter. Nice. All right. The shit is tired. All right. And so am I.
Right. Yeah. Yes. We started off with strong. And then all of a sudden, there was like, by the
way, how do you off strong? It's like, we're in the 83rd second of the show. This is still starting off.
Also, not to not to bring it. Yes, the noise. Marieka, you can't see this, but the fucking chair is
like making a squeaking sound. We're banging it against the wall. We're banging it against the wall. Okay,
I'm away from the wall. We got to relate it to what I was in this wall, but from the further distance.
You know what I'm saying is that this is supposed to be an audio network. We can't even get
shit under wraps. This is a video studio. What's that? This is a video studio speaking and speaking
of video. We, we restarted so that I could hear audio and now it's just Jeff's camera being
off in the zoom. So I can't see Jeff, but in theory, I could. He just hasn't turned his camera on.
Non video participants. How do you do this? Marieka, this is what you want. Yeah, there it is.
Oh my god, this is so fucked up.
Great outfit. Thanks. Thanks. You're the same jack. It says Jack.
Okay, the same is what a mirror's coming in here with. Yeah, the tweet. Yeah, the tweet. The name's Jack.
Jack shit. I like that.
I want to talk about this. I don't know. Have you guys, uh, have you guys heard my name?
Do you know who you're doing an impression of when you do that? Are you or it's too great?
Too young. Yeah, that's why I thought it's going to no gray.
Sorry, that really did you build it. I know I always say like over a pair of dials.
Yeah, so I'm waiting in here. Yeah. Hey, guys, you're going to run this.
Is Jay Leno? Never mind. Oh, oh, people with type two dials.
Yes.
Life and ZemBig. No, I wanted to talk about this in the ill order of the shit got fucked up.
Is it? Was that a commercial? Was that actually what you're trying to play?
I'd like to know. Okay.
I think it was a real isn't big commercial, but he just took the before oh ZemBig was what it was today.
I found out about this recently. They had to like advertise the shit, right?
Now, everybody in their mother wants the fucking pill, right? This fucking jack pill. It's a it's a shot. Oh, we got
It's been four years
I'm sorry. I really am that was too much. I just I have an agenda when I come into these things and I really need a bucket. I feel as need to
To push through. You know what I mean? What are you happy now?
You have too many emotions.
Cher squeaking at the store. Oh
People with type two diabetes are excited about
People with type two diabetes are excited. I don't know if you guys saw this when it was on the air
But yes, before everyone in their mother wanted fucking the jab stick Maria
There was a commercial where they licensed the fucking song. What is ever? Oh, oh, oh, it's magic and it was oh, oh
Zambick we heard the commercial twice now
Bollie
We're not even what seven minutes into the shit. I can't get a one-and-one talk on this. You have to
Monologue
I thought the show was a dog. No, it's a monologue and then
I was heard about this and you won't even let us reply right and said you're like I have to say in the commercial
Yeah, there we go. I'll keep you guys sure off-key, but I hopped the fucking thing. I hopped the fucking off-doctor
Yeah, oh, oh, oh, oh
Not necessary which up-active did you hop? I don't know what key it is
It's just matching whatever the fucking commercial said
What you what movie do you guys think of when you hear that song because to me it it
It harkens back to a movie. I watched a lot growing up
Maybe cases the only one who has seen this movie though to me you harkin back
Yeah, that I should probably draft a will a living will in Justin because seeing you is seeing the picture of unhealth
And disorder
And so for movie
Happy go more
Yeah, happy come on. Yeah, he's that song
It's probably my favorite top the uh happy Madison. Hey, Marika over. Yeah, Marika who am I?
Wait, sir
I feel like he's trying to impersonate me. Yeah, I can't really tell shoot him a Gavin from happy ilmore
I just said I have a movie. What do you think? What's the line? Which part? Yeah, which part?
Well, you know that wasn't a line, but it's like the it's the fucking thing where he hits a pot
He's like
It's a pot someone's at the door someone's at the door FedEx and
Oh, it's FedEx have enough people on some of us people with FedEx
Yeah, Marty's coming again. Marty's coming together. Thank god. Um, no, she's a Gavin in the fuck. What was that? What?
What did Marika what sorry there's 20 fucking screens nobody could fucking see so I'm gonna take a video
Like you're in a cage
You also like don't need to look at screens. It's interesting
To see from this side what what I usually look like yeah in our new setup
I see this chaos. This is like no one would be fucking at ease
When from this angle there's too many cords there's too much technology. I'm not a technology guy. Yeah, I kind of feel it's clear
But go over there sometimes. It's yeah, it's oh oh oh
No, shoot him a Gavin right? He's always like he's like
We will just off
Yeah, he's always pissed. Yeah, who does that remind you of
Shoot a shoot a Gavin. Oh
All right, Marika here we go three two one. We're gonna continue the lyric. Oh
Oh, so big keep it going, Marika you know
I don't know what to sing next
You didn't play the song. There's no way she would have known. There's no it's not knowing it's not
No, I'm in a hike up. Oh my song in music improv
Wait, where you do you have a middle name
A lawn
You knew that I do knew that yeah, well, you know, I think I'm gonna plug your letter box
I don't mean to be upset
I'll also follow me. I'm blue sky
I'm blue sky. Hello, yeah, I am
And tell us it over there. Let's blue sky. The new Twitter started by Jack Dorsey
Let's just get a fact check on that before anybody says something incorrect. I don't need to join another warm
Yeah, is it any good like is it worth being on it's kind of cool right now? We're all just chilling just vibe and do you post
Same thing in both places
He likes some people do I haven't posted a lot on either place to be honest
And I just say Marie gyle of the energy you're bringing but I'm here. Can you just
Can we put it here? Can we put it with the cross examination because she's trying to have fun?
And I don't mean that we're gonna say can we quit it with the cross legs?
Well, he's not in short so I think it's fine
I learned my lesson fully stretched
It's good comfortable. I wouldn't join another Twitter
I think one Twitter's dead
Good
Yeah, and that's a group chats or where it's at it's a it's a micro social network that
Just people you know why do what I want a hundred thousand likes on a tweet when I could get five haz on a gift that I sent
I really got a cloud
The cloud you think the cloud of of all the likes is
I guess what drives
Yeah, like
My tweet is a numbers game that'll that'll throw me for
Years but if my friends ha ha a joke. I make I'll forget that
If my friends ha a joke I make I think I did a good job that day like I did my job
Yeah, my friends ha ha are all your friends funny or you like the funny one in your group
I think I have a lot of funny friends. I got a lot of
Show business. Yeah, they're all these all on those kind of people. Yeah, what about in a high school where you the funny one or was it like a group of class clowns
I made funny videos for the pep rally. So
Yeah, like people knew me for like oh he makes those funny sketches. Yeah, so you were the funny one
I guess so
What about you two were you guys the funny one in your friend group in high school? I didn't have friends in high school
It's a good answer Jeffrey
Yeah, kind of like Casey
Jeff you look mad is this is the issue that I was having a conversation
Sorry, it was the shit was going on. This was my resting phase. What that this
Sorry, I just it's a self-fulfilling prophecy, right? You guys are always like you never give us fucking room to speak
Here I go. I just give you naturally the floor and you were shooting daggers at us
Just looking at you. What are you trying to say that I beat he eyes? Oh, yeah resting air in James
Casey Tim like that for you. That's very the fable men's of you
Yeah, I really related to that part of the fable men's one everyone's like we don't really like the sky
But he makes the movie and we like we like looking at ourselves on screen
Isn't that what they still say about Spielberg
He's fine, but he makes the movies and I like to be on camera. Yeah, that's what
Amir Seth Rogan said I'm doing the same thing. You guys don't see this shit the double standards that go around this office
Amir falls silent and starts staring at Marieka staring daggers is Casey said and nobody says anything
Nobody says that what's wrong. I'm here
I don't think you're staring at me. Fuck you guys
Now you're looking at your phone. I'm pulling up a new set line that I'm just gonna cut this out. Grace cut this out
Over 122 million under thick haze from Chicago to DC as Canadian wildfire smoke spreads across the US
I know it. Is that happening again? Yeah, so
There was like that time like three weeks ago where the sky was orange and it looked like it was raging
And then it went away, but the fires were I've just still been there and the wind hasn't carried it south or something
That I don't know but I did get that shit. I don't know
Sorry, I was trying to hear the answer. Yeah, sorry, but I actually had a joke that Marieka stepped on
I was gonna let it pass but yeah
Marieka's work was fucking when you started the joke and she stepped on it
Over 122 million under thick haze from Chicago. Is it bad again in New York? Is it the orange cloud? The smog is all that now. No, it's fine now my air quality alert currently
Or the air quality is saying 36 which is good
Really no
I've got a follow-up question people with type two dive you know
Oh
Over 122 million under thick haze
There's a hole. I know you need to hear the
It's a monologue joke you guys you're on this
You've only said that line the way it works
I have a gun that fucking do this. Yes, and guess what? Let me playback the tape
You know what here's the odd. Everybody shut up for 10 seconds. I'm gonna put it in. Let's hear it over 122 million under thick haze
From Chicago
Can I predict the punchline of the joke you may not
I would be too fun. Yeah, let's hear it. Okay, see what do you think it is think but the living like I do this thick haze
Makes me think this is this is turning into some sort of like and that's what they call that's chat hazes new
namers. Oh, yeah
That's not good or that's not the ghost you are
Links it's not good or the joke. I'm just giving a punchline. I'm not writing it out
Over 122 million under thick haze from Chicago to DC as Canadian wildfire smoke spreads across U.S
I mean Hollywood handbook was just on this show and I didn't think a is was that thick
I know it's gonna be a Hollywood handbook a case joke
I take the different haves
So Canada's been on five holy shit
Let's get it started in
We haven't done one of those in a long time and I thought we could get the energy up
But clearly we have two old hags on the fucking thing as in what the man. Have a great summer
These wildfires
An entire month
It can't it on fire. That's the number one news headline from a month ago
Oh, so you're a really long time
No, he's just reading the news from a month ago. Oh, it's news from a month ago. No, that was actually today's top story
I agree with you, but yeah
Okay
Do you guys see that?
You guys hear about you
We're still doing the monologue. This isn't a monologue. It's just interesting shit to talk
No, did you see that sea crest is up the helm of wheel?
Yeah, I didn't see this is news to me
I feel like we didn't talk enough on yesterday's stream. Sorry if anybody missed it, but um
We did like a fucking game show or whatever we did the quick flash and
I thought you wanted to still talk about Ryan C.Crest
And yes, too. I myself
Vanna White. What's the joke? Oh, she is who?
Vanna White H. So she's in the way. So the news is C.Crest is the host. Oh, yeah, we'll
We'll work for you now. Yeah
Also did you guys know that wheel of fortune is based off like a medieval torture device or something
I think you're thinking of fire and maiden
That's also a medieval tort this both you're thinking of the guillotine
Catonine tales are you pulling up notes are you just scrolling on your phone now? I don't know
I don't know what you guys want to fucking see for me anymore
The breaking point just let me go through the shit that I get right over the fucking irons for it all right
If I bring to a wax episode people are like you didn't prepare anything if I come with too much of an outline
People are like we don't have any room to navigate this shit if I
If I just take a backseat and let y'all go you guys are like Jeff you seem pissed. I'm sorry that my
Silent speaks volumes. Is that what you want to hear? I have a
Yeah, that's what I want to hear an ozampic song. Okay, so here we go nation. Oh
I forgot I had to say that
I hope there's at least one full out there who's watching this shit and being like wow
I feel sorry for what Jeff actually asked
They did say that after the live stream the 24 hour live stream a lot of people
Did you get that by the way did you get the subpoena which one? I sorry. I'm suing grass
That was easy
Sorry, the the sounds are on the way continue, Marika
Can I wet what?
He said go back to the other
It's hard
This shit is hard
Have you been like hitting any of the buttons on the switcher or are you just not doing that at all?
I am but it's fucking like you know this is here goes to KC and I don't know when he's gonna stop
Haha
The fuck laugh was that that's not your real laugh
Are you talking what you look at me? Yeah, are you looking?
Here
I feel
Three Miami restaurants made the 50 top pizza USA 2023
The 50 top pizza 2020. I read that verbatim
I read that verbatim. There's a list of the top 50 pizzerias in American three of them are name
So there's a list of digressions that you've scared us off course. I think that was absolutely on topic really
Yeah, I was gonna say my sentence regardless of what you did right now that's sort of the crux of why you're not a good host
This is interesting
What
Wordling
Perk closer my dad bought me a new body for my 18 now addicted to surgery
I do here yeah, now this is true Nicole Zavala didn't like how she looked
So she sculpted a whole new body and has now spent over 160 euro on nip's tucks et cetera
That's what you guys are good any little amount of money. Yeah, it's like a hundred and eighty dollars. Sorry 160,000 got it
Would you guys ever do any work any any
Everyone's entitled to do what they want with their own money. No, that's an opinion though. I'm saying for your ass
What would you do if you were going to do anything to my ass specific two different questions one would you ever and then if so if yes, what would you do?
Let's start with a mirror just because he probably has the most
Well, he got LASIC LASIC is one yeah, that is elective surgery, but I don't know if it's invasive doesn't matter
What do you mean it's not in face
Stick like put lasers on your eyes? Well, they create a flap basically. I don't know about this what's that?
Yeah, I know you get LASIC why are you right? Yeah, LASIC these are for UV blocking and blue light blocking glasses when I have
Four five six screens in front of me. I don't want that all on my eyes
Especially when they're extra sensitive because guess what with LASIC is is they make a small little incision
And they create a flap they open up your fucking cornea and then they
LASER off all the shit that's grown underneath the ocular surface that has made you sort of not
C well
There's a seven screen right behind you all. Yeah, but that's not going into or onto my eye
But I think it might be reflecting off of the inside of your glasses into your eyes
All right, you guys talk much yourselves. I have to sell something on off row
What I'm trying to sell a bar. What is that man? What of so
Just two dollars for a fucking six or a dial
You guys talk amongst yourselves
Those were my my lyrics
Mika
The as I'm picked song was going to be
Now I can't even remember
We got to figure this shit out guys. I can't put out your sauce. Yeah
It's literally going to commercial I guess
This show is sponsored by better help guys the path forward is not always clear all right and tough decisions
Need to be made on almost a weekly basis, right? What job should I take? Who should I smooch?
What segment should I do on my podcast today, right? And whether you're dealing with these decisions around career
Relationship or anything else
Therapy helps you stay connected to what you really want while you navigate life
So that you can move forward with confidence and excitement
Trusting yourself to make decisions that align with your values is like anything the more you practice it the easier it gets
I'm in therapy every week. I talk about it on the show a lot
And it helps me be the best version of myself and show up for those around me who I love and care about as
The best version of myself with the exception to the pit wall. I almost always neglect them
So if you're thinking of giving therapy a try start with better help. It's entirely online designed to be convenient
Flexible and suited to your schedule just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist and
Switch therapist at any time for no additional charge
Let therapy be your map with better help visit better help.com slash what's that today to get 10% off your first month again
That's better help HELP dot com slash what's that? Thanks better help
Oh
With type two diabetes
No, that's actually not bad. Thanks. That's actually really not bad
Oh my god, did we already do bond the week or again?
We do okay
We've done it twice today. What'd you say? We've done it twice today. I actually have you eaten today
The energy of someone is
Caffeinated, but you haven't had anything in the gym carry back there
He brought me closer
Casey what'd you just say
You're turning into Jim carry back there carry
And uh, who's the carry of the four of us?
What? Because I think I'm sort of a shark
I've never watched an episode of the show so I don't know what their characteristics are individually
Me neither, but I think you've never seen such an Andrew carry up the four of us Jeff
Do you think the droop that you think Drew carry is a true carry?
Yeah, a libertarian ass
And the biggest dumb ass award goes to
Michelle
What
Why
What do you mean why there has to be a better way to do this right? Why are we like setting up?
No, it has nothing to do with this
I didn't know that
What did you say that she was a dumb anything
I'm sure she was a dumb ass
I'm sure you were a little self-conscious because now I'm starting to look like the ass
Right, right, yeah
Let me ask you guys a question
How much do you know like Jim carry about the old
Let me tell you I taught that
Somebody stop me show
I don't know we have ad packages this show has to go on
And I'm not saying that the show must go on, you know
I'm saying the show existed at least for another half a year until we finish out the ad packages
If you've got gripes with the producer's desk, you could bring it up with me and on
Yeah, and leave for shell
You guys out though you guys are my friends. I don't know reshell. I know reshell
Yeah, okay
Why do you look so solving?
I don't want you making fun of freelancers either. I am a freelancer either
Marika why don't we give you the floor for a second. It's time for Marika's
Brothers man
Boy, where'd it begin? Seven minutes on the clock
Oh, it's not that long if you make it interesting. Here we go
Seven minutes. Yeah. Oh, and there's a countdown time
Which is you're eating into your own time actually. I guess it's not a countdown
This is this is counting up
Fair enough
Can you see do you want to come see Barbie with us?
Yeah, I'll see Barbie. Cool
Let me get back to one
Time
Yeah, yeah, yeah, you're gonna you're gonna do
Wait, I'm sorry. I mean, I really didn't know this name, but
July
No, she's gonna be here when Oppenheimer and Barbie come out. Yeah, but what what are your dates?
Oh, okay, like the 19th to the Sunday
Okay, the 19th to the Sunday. Yeah
We all know it obviously has no plans to see you so you don't have to like ask what days
Well, we're going to come a car in the case scenario taking your class of road trip down to Comic Con
We're bringing Emma Foley with us this time. Yeah, I love Emma
I'm a great. I just got any tires on my car so the little ride's gonna be a dream
Are you gonna stop anywhere along the way?
I'll let a San Diego. No, we got to drive down
Extremely early because we have to record a podcast the same day. We drive down. Whoa
What time is on Friday? So it's a weekday. So we got to like drive down there like
Four in the morning really it's at seven a.m. the podcast no no no the podcast is in the afternoon, but
There's Comic Con traffic going down and it's also during a weekday. So there's like regular regular LA to San Diego
Actually, you have to drive down at 4 a.m
Look, that's just a number off the top of my head. I'm in producer mode now and I want to be able to get there
Check into the hotel
Check it right ready
And and head down to where we're recording two scary didn't watch at Comic Con live
Actually, I even know if we can announce that which is I made we can okay grace cut this out
I'm sure it'll be fine by Friday. What time did we leave last year?
This doesn't come out this Friday. This comes out next Friday. Last year we have this Friday
You mean great. Marika last year. We left worried about the release on a sad or guy
How long have we been doing this show because we were listening to
Formula One follow-up line. Yeah
Down oh
Is this the end of the episode? No
Yeah, I got I got a pit wall question for you guys. Can't believe you didn't start with this
Before we get into that. Oh, I don't want to check. No. No. No, I can't see Marika
No, before we get into this. She has just pulled up a video of himself
Got some kind of head on
Shit us. Okay hang on
I'm just gonna do this and then Marika you can relax right react to the sound here we go
We'll tip your camera up and I can look at the screen which can't oh, that okay great
Can you turn off the metronome? Yeah, I'd like to not hear that anymore
Come with me
Bend over and you'll feel all the physical sensations
If you want to smack someone's ass
Simply grab a switch and do it and you want you want to
Vlog them
Want to slap the rest
There's nothing to it
There is no
Oh my god
No, I ain't any pants
There's so many questions
I mean, so let's get through them all right, Marika's brothers was a failure. Let's say by the way
Yeah, it's been this yeah, I mean, let's just go back and forth. I guess asking questions one
Why did you do that?
It was for an audition that was for an audition. Yeah, for what it's like a character thing
What care was holding the audition that was a character? Yes, really but don't think of the what
That was really but donka the Willy Wonka of King. Okay, so you did that for an audition and you can't tell us what it was for
But you can show it to I didn't show it to you to reference the audition. I showed it to you because I was proud of it
How many other characters did you do that was the only one I could figure out
You your entire audition was that figure out
Did you buy an outfit for that or did you piece together? That cost me like $250
Were you wearing anything you return anything you can because I didn't work without yeah, yeah
Underwear
So you still have those clobings sure
What did this have to do with you not showing up for two pit wall recordings?
I thought that if I showed you guys that that you wouldn't circle back to the
Is that what you were working on you did to do it circle back, so yeah
Is that what you're working on that while we were recorded the pit wall?
Oh, absolutely. Yeah, you're also supposed to come in to record it
I didn't know I deliberately missed the pit wall by accident
But yeah, I would also like to say that Jeff picked the time that we would record. That's not true
That I will absolutely be there. I did say I would absolutely be there, but I didn't choose the time
I would never do that you agreed to the time that we said also on Monday
Yeah, Monday. I was in my eye Monday in action. Yeah, so I was too busy for your you were supposed to be here
We were supposed to record in studio. No, you did try to record on nobody. I was just we on zoom
And you're recording this instead the video the singing repeat. I don't think I know what you're talking about
You're talking about will you been on? Yeah, yeah, of course
The only also do you want to say that
There is literally a calendar invite that Jeff you did
Accept that says the had compact us recording in studio on Monday
Yeah, and of America's brothers, so
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
I've only got a little detail though, but that's gonna be all right we're gonna write the core Smack with another
Hit of right, the horse bridge stuff, which is called
People with giant two diabetes are excited when do you find out about the odis lossless? I'm never gonna get the job
Not gonna get it they know that you are auditioning for it
They probably won't watch the audition because of the strike. I don't care
You don't care that they'll watch the audition.
I don't particularly care because what we just did made it all worth it to me.
I said, yeah.
And you did see what I was going to say before the fucking ad break is that I want to write
a thesis about old Babylon or old Cairo.
Basically like ancient cities and why I should have been a part of them.
You want to write a thesis.
Can't you guys ever just be like, oh, wow.
Good idea.
I like this idea.
Thank you.
I just want to visit good.
I will say it.
Like when do you go back to school?
No.
I want to write it and present it on this show.
Okay.
Then do us.
I'm going to.
I'm just trying to like hold myself accountable.
And you guys.
What do we have to do?
Good.
Okay.
In pure month.
In two months.
Do.
Another is don't again.
No.
Let's get us out.
But it's you reading your thesis.
Okay.
Not two months.
Three.
I need three because guess what?
It's the fucking summer.
All right.
I'm not going to spend my whole summer writing and working on your thesis.
Yeah.
And why do you then?
Why are you interested?
I am interested.
You don't want to do it.
You want to do it in the fall semester.
I would like to do it in the fall semester.
The fall term.
It might be good quarters.
So I kind of think in like September two December.
Why?
January the March.
Can you.
Guys, if you're watching this and you're having as hard a time listening as I am being
in this room.
Can you comment like a fucking listening to what?
Like my voice?
Do you have a game or something?
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Oh.
Oh, Oh, oh, oh.
Whoo!
We're back.
Okay.
Vlogs.
What are you guys having going on?
What do you want to point the people to.
Let's start with Kacy and then we'll end the show.
Yeah, listen to this shit.
And this fuck, we need softer chairs.
Listen to the pit囉.
It's a podcast that me and Marica do and pile as also a pretty good cohost.
And Jeff never shows up and always promises that he will.
That's like my mid-year resolution.
One is this episode come out this week.
This one might get shit canned entirely.
Okay.
A week from Friday.
I'm here in New York City,
come to Hedgam Happy Hour on Monday, July 17th.
It's going to be really fun.
Great lineup.
So do that.
Go to the pit wall, follow me.
I'm letter box and blue sky.
I'm Marie Gaylon.
I'll also say, Marika and I, like we said earlier,
we'll be at Comic Con.
So if you're, if you go to Comic Con and you,
and you see Marika and I and Emma,
and you come up to us and you are in Jeff Cosplay,
we'll give you a prize.
Whoa.
And just know that they woke up at 3.25 a.m.
That morning.
So just after seeing Oppenheimer and Barbie back to back.
Yeah, keep that in mind.
Yeah.
So I'm definitely not getting back to Marty's guest house
until like 12 at that rate.
You guys are leaving the 721.
Yeah.
There's a lot of action on that one day.
Every time I hear about something happening,
it's that exact.
It's going to be a stacked day.
There's a lot going on.
Follow me on like,
um, me on like,
Instagram and
TikTok at OK Blumer, what else?
Oh, Twitter.
I'm still there at Blumenfeld.
And I'm just kind of not on blue sky.
I'm a white get the invite to that.
And yeah,
listen to the hadgum podcast on a
podcast or overcaster,
where we listen Spotify.
Watch on YouTube.
Watch this, I need to.
Death.
I don't know.
Well, it's what's up.
It's wrong.
The wise.
I guess I'm just am like getting a wall with the shit.
He's he gets so upset when other people are talking for a while.
No, it's not that you were talking.
It's that like the flow isn't good.
It's not fast.
It's not overlapping.
You think that's good.
People talk over each other.
It's good for audio.
Thanks a lot about you.
I like the tone we've taken.
They kind of it's kind of drying things to a close.
It feels kind of like people just kind of like catching up with each other.
Yeah, it feels kind of, yeah,
congenial.
I think at some point, Jeff,
you should try to make yourself cry on this podcast.
Yeah.
Let's see.
You can cry on on on on on.
I don't think so.
Let's see if you can cry right now.
Go to a really dark place, right?
Yeah, should we all see if we can cry?
I'm not going to be able to do it.
Your eyes are too dry.
Yeah, chronic condition.
Yep.
How are you?
How are you going to be being cast in a major motion picture?
If you can't cry, I can't.
I don't want to do drama.
I don't want to do comedy.
What do you want to do?
Action.
I want to get a bunch of money.
Right.
This is not even about the fact of getting.
It's like making the last.
And the fucking episode.
That was a hit dumb original.